== README

This github repository is a collection of slides that I've written to help people (initially my son)
help learn ruby / rails.  Its really a way to store a collection of keynote slides in the framework
of a Rails 4.x application that can be used as a starting point skeleton for anything you want to build.

Here's how to get started with this:

* Create your own github account

* Goto http://www.github.com/fuzzygroup/rails101

* Click the fork button

This "forks" the Repo into your own personal github account and gives you your own copy of it.

The next step is get it checked out onto your own development machine.  Here's how to do that:

On your own machine, in the directory ~/.ssh/ look for a file named id_rsa.pub i.e.

ls -l ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub or dir ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub

If that file exists then you want to cat it to the screen and copy its contents to the clipboard i.e.

On a mac:

cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub | pbcopy

On windows:

I honestly have no idea in 2014

You now need to tell github that your machine is, well, your machine.  Bear in mind that when you log
into github in a browser, there's no relationship between that browser and your machine's command line terminal.
So you need to tell github about your terminal (really about ssh but ...) so you need to give github the contents
of that file.  This, id_rsa.pub, is an ssh level cryptographic key which your terminal uses to communicate with
github.  So go into github and find your repository that you just forked and then click on the Settings link on the
right hand side and then click on Deploy Keys and then Add deploy key and give it a name and the contents of your
clipboard.

You can now "clone" this file down to your own machine.  Start by making a ~/rails directory on your computer:

mkdir ~/rails

and then change into it:

cd ~/rails
git clone http://github.com/YOUR_ACCOUNT_NAME/rails101 .

And that will clone down your repo and if you look in the docs/ directory you will find a set of keynote presentations
about learning rails or "Rails 101"

Enjoy !

Scott